blue book, green chair
blue book, green ghost
blue book, red bottle
blue book, red ghost
blue book, white bottle
blue book, white chair
blue bottle, green chair
blue bottle, green ghost
blue bottle, red book
blue bottle, red chair
blue bottle, white book
blue bottle, white ghost
blue chair, green book
blue chair, green bottle
blue chair, red bottle
blue chair, red ghost
blue chair, white book
blue chair, white ghost
blue ghost, green book
blue ghost, green bottle
blue ghost, red book
blue ghost, red chair
blue ghost, white bottle
blue ghost, white chair
green book, red bottle
green book, red chair
green book, white bottle
green book, white ghost
green bottle, red book
green bottle, red ghost
green bottle, white book
green bottle, white chair
green chair, red book
green chair, red ghost
green chair, white bottle
green chair, white ghost
green ghost, red bottle
green ghost, red chair
green ghost, white book
green ghost, white chair
red book, white chair
red book, white ghost
red bottle, white chair
red bottle, white ghost
red chair, white book
red chair, white bottle
red ghost, white book
red ghost, white bottle